Fix README and make the 2i2c docs link visible (#16)
2i2c-org/hub-user-image-template: README.md

This is a template repository for creating dedicated user images for 2i2c hubs.

## Overall workflow :gear:

The overall workflow is to:

1. Fork this repository to create your image repository

2. Hook your image repository to quay.io

3. Customize the image by editing repo2docker files in your image repository.

   Changes can either be done by direct commits to main on your image repository, or through a pull request from a fork of your image repository. Direct commits will build the image and push it to Quay.io. PRs will build the image and offer a link to test it using Binder. Merging the PR will cause a commit on main and therefore trigger a build and push to Quay.io.

4. Configure your Hub to use this new image

### In-depth guide

> Checkout the 2i2c docs for an in-depth guide on how to use this template repository to create a custom user image and use it for your hub :arrow_right: https://docs.2i2c.org/en/latest/admin/howto/hub-user-image-template-guide.md.

Author: ```suggestion
Checkout the 2i2c docs for an in-depth guide on how to use this template repository to create a custom user image and use it for your hub :arrow_right: https://docs.2i2c.org/en/latest/admin/howto/environment/hub-user-image-template-guide.html.
```
